[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
the face podcast uh my name is jeff
ramsey with me as always andrew panton
and gavin free uh neither of whom are
american just thought i'd throw that out
there
this is episode 100 it's what episode
100 11
of season four year three volume one i
have a question uh yeah
um well i i sort of go to discord maybe
10 minutes ago and there was no one in
here so i'm wondering did we have some
extremely short pleasantries again dude
let me tell you about the pleasantries
go ahead i logged in i logged in i saw
andrew and nick were already in so i
hopped in at 2 57 to have pleasantries
and i hopped in and the first thing i
heard andrew say is and that's the end
of that conversation we'll pick this up
at a later date oh
this is um this is a weird one this is
not on our normal day this is almost an
emergency face meeting
dude
not only is it yeah and i i was telling
andrew before uh i have so [__] much
to talk about gavin you know about a lot
of it uh there's one thing that happened
to me this morning that you don't know
about though uh i have so much to
[__] talk about but all i care about
is a tuxedo so i'm just gonna list my
notes and then if we get to them we get
to them but at least they're on the page
or at least they're on the recording and
so i'll remember to get back to them
someday so i'm gonna say uh here's my
note real fast boot stamp uh fart movie
new laptop hi disney by disney high seas
high five gavin doorbell dream oh that's
another one you don't know about gavin
[Laughter]
wrecked car gets wrecked
and prepare to yell at andrew about
tuxedo so andrew uh let's get into the
tuxedo go right to the well before we
get the tuxedo i just want gavin to know
it was a shorter pleasantry period and i
was very stressed about that i was
getting ready hop in for some quality
quality pleasantries at like 12 47 my
time i was like you know what gotta use
the bathroom so i went to use the
bathroom it was a larger bathroom trip
than i anticipated thought it was
yeah it was a real problem i sit on the
toilet look at the clock like i'm
running out of pleasantry time i want to
talk to nick about some things before
jeff gets here and he typically gets
here five minutes before so were you
opposed to joining the discord from the
toilet just to have pleasantries with
nick through your phone uh
not opposed to it but i guess it didn't
it didn't occur to me i was thinking
about all the things that i need to
discuss because a lot has happened since
we first the tuxedo why why did we bleep
that in the most recent episode that was
the thing that was bleeped a million
times i don't understand why we did that
why did we do that you're an idiot
you're such a stupid bastard
what do you mean i don't understand how
this is because that came out before the
freaking auction and that's the exact
conversation i was trying to have with
you where you were like oh with this we
don't have clearance to land i was like
that episode hasn't come out yet we
still have time to bleep it what's
amazing to me is that when i proofed it
there weren't any bleeps so i don't know
when it got bleep there was a missing
bleep
and a tuxedo came out yeah but it didn't
come out hard it only came out to the
people who were paying extra attention
it was like an extra well i mean it so
the tuxedo itself ended up being the one
of the last items in that block of
auction period so it was on thursday the
auction started on tuesday the tuxedo
aspect of it happened on a thursday but
it takes like several days to make your
account for it so that's why i didn't
get why it was bleeped because even it
was before unless somebody already had
an account it just felt like a niche
thing so i didn't know why that happened
but i guess so you were saying it
shouldn't have been bleeped because it
takes so long to get an account yeah
like even though
possibly the auction could have happened
if our lot was on tuesday i didn't
realize how it worked at the time but
also it takes several days to like get a
pr you have to get you have to send in a
lot of stuff it's a whole process it
takes you several days who knows if it
takes a an average person several days
no it takes everybody and you have to
supply some more info he said only on
first for a few hours unfortunately eric
made the call on the day we turned in
the final version so it was a mad dash
to edit so eric said day off
it needs to be bleeped is that what you
say i guess so
based on what nick said well i will say
people seemed to really like the bleeps
day before they liked completely yeah
they thought it was they thought it was
they thought it was like so so bleepy it
was comical
because we were talking about it the
reason it was bleeped the week before
was because we didn't know whether we're
going to talk about it what we discussed
in that one is that it that is now fine
to talk about and then after that we
realize andrew's done the maths wrong no
my math was correct that's what i'm
arguing i don't know why this was wrong
well i you know you're yelled at me it's
very possible i did but i don't think we
needed the bleeps i think
it doesn't matter get away from the
bleeps i just don't they work by the way
by the way just just for the audience
that is desperately trying to understand
what the [__] is going on uh this is the
jackie chan tuxedo from the movie tuxedo
that we were gonna buy at auction we got
rooster teeth to agree to let us spend
up to three thousand dollars to buy the
tuxedo which they expected to go for two
thousand dollars and then we put it in
andrew's incredibly capable hands and i
knew in the moment we agreed to do that
it was a mistake
so
when i was i i feel like i was the one
that was pushing for this idea the
hardest and i thought it would be so
funny for us all to watch the auction
together and we could bid on it and go
through the highs and the lows of trying
to secure it that was my vision for it
literally every other person involved
with the show was out they were away so
it was just me by myself
and that was terrifying because i got
given the eric card which by myself is a
lot of responsibility it was very
terrifying to add that to my account i
had an all-time dumb moment where eric
sent me the card as two images like the
front of the card to the back of the
card and he sent me the photo of the
front and i was putting that in and i
instinctually grabbed my phone and
looked at the back of it to put in the
bottom the the back of the card like i
didn't swap photos i'm so used to like
looking at a card and then just twisting
it over for the the verification number
i physically looked at the back of my
phone so that's a great start
then
i went into the auction because this is
tuesday and our lot is until thursday
and i thought i've never like
experienced this before
it could be fun to just kind of get a
feel for it and see what what like maybe
i can learn a strategy from this and so
i'm not really paying attention and the
item up is like some outfit from star
trek like one of the star trek shows and
it's expected to go
between like six hundred dollars to like
a thousand or something like that and i
looked and it was currently at twenty
thousand dollars was the the bid active
and i wasn't really paying attention
then i thought i bumped my keyboard and
i was convinced that i placed a 25 000
bid on a piece of star trek memorabilia
so that was terrifying i thought i died
i had to quadruple check make sure i was
all good that was fine avoid that
so then i was scared to even open the
auction until tuxedo time go ahead uh my
headphones went off for about two
straight but it's there what do i miss
[Laughter]
andrew mayer may not have accidentally
bid twenty two thousand dollars on a
star trek outfit oh okay so we're not at
the tuxedo yet no no no no okay sorry
all right before we get to the tuxedo i
just wanna how would you guys feel i'm
just hypothetically throwing this out
there how do you feel
instead of if we got the tuxedo we had
like a variety of maybe smaller
items that were kind of show related but
fit i was just i wanted to read on that
because i was told
i could spend to the cap so if we had
extra money after the tuxedo or if we
just missed entirely i could still try
to acquire things well
no i wouldn't i wouldn't say there was
any any hint of uh of approval for that
no i asked for one i got approval i
didn't i asked i talked i would say it's
not worth spending the money on smaller
things that
we're not as passionate about unless
there's something that really fits
like the only thing i was interested in
was the tuxedo so i guess it would yeah
it would depend on what the other stuff
is so there's a variety i put some of
them in the chat they made uh for the
fast and furious movie a dom treadle
license to shrek on it for some reason i
thought that was great they were
actually auctioned off the uh bowling
hat pins and balls from the bowling
scene and the flintstones movie it's
like that show specific um
the thing i was most excited about is
right after the tuxedo was the baseball
outfit from the twilight movie in the
baseball scene which is a great one of
the greatest scenes in that whole series
we're kind of a baseball show so i
thought we had room we're not really a
twilight show
no but i mean we're kind of a baseball
show and it's like baseball
podcast yeah and that's baseball
equipment i'd say uniform and all that
um
so
it got to auction day i made i made a
strategic
decision on this
are you laughing at jeff i'm [__]
hate you why do you hate me i'm just
telling you what happened i'm excited
[__]
if this doesn't end us getting that
[__] tuxedo and we end up with the
goddamn twilight merchandise thousands
of dollars on something else haven't you
that's what you've done no i'm not
saying any i'm just trying to get to
where we're at
i made a realization i did my research
because i was the only one that showed
up and it was my responsibility i was
told strictly cannot go over 3k that's
the max not a penny over doesn't mean go
to 3k
nah it's not what i did you're just
making assumptions of what happened so
i made the choice because gavin before
you tell us are we gonna do you predict
we're gonna be pleased with what you've
done or not
i no no spoilers for that but let me ask
you let me ask you a question let me ask
you a question go ahead
am i going to have to am i going to have
to use my founder card to smooth stuff
over after this i don't think so
for a split second i thought that was a
special credit card that you have
well i do have i am a member of the
founders club which does give you a card
which gives you discounts on hotels but
this is more like uh founded the company
and i can get us out of a gym if i need
to right i really hate doing that though
no no i would if i would have spent 30
000 on star trek merchandise though i
would expect you to use the founder card
to literally murder me that would be
fine i'd approve that that that decision
but
so
what i learned in the auction is that
there's a minimum bid and then there's
their projected windows for bids and i
think gavin you've said that you've used
the site before so maybe you know about
this i don't know but
essentially the minimum bid is below
what their lowest expected amount is but
unless the bid hits the lowest expected
amount they will not sell you the item
they will just not offer it to you so i
think the amount lowest exactly so i
think the lowest bid you could place on
the tuxedo was one thousand dollars but
their lowest entry point to buy it was 2
000. now there's also fees there's like
in like additional charges based on how
much your bid is and then there's taxes
and there's shipping so i did the math
and i determined that essentially the
most we could spend is 2 000 which is
the floor for getting the tuxedo i would
have paid the extra if you would have
texted me
last time i warned you that we would
need more than that yeah and that we all
agreed gavin and i both agreed we said
we'd put money in well you weren't there
first of all and second of all i'm
always a text away i'm always
told
specifically not to cross 3 000 your
issues with eric it is not with me as
told to not cross 3 000. so i put 2 000
in
and then i asked nick if he wanted to do
the auction with me and even he was busy
it's something going on at that exact
time so i recorded and nick captured the
video of it we have
the 17 minutes going into the tuxedo and
the tuxedo itself
and we had
the minimal bid that we could possibly
have to get it if anyone if a single
person
would bid a cent over us i could not
counter that based on what my
instructions were
and we got to the tuxedo dude you've
done some interpolation with those
instructions nobody said anything about
shipping costs and taxes stuff we just
told you to spend three thousand dollars
on the damn tuxedo you were not part of
this we would have worked for the rest
now jeff
dictionary kid
shut up for a minute i'm talking about
dictionaries i had with somebody else
that wasn't you these i
been very responsible here
i have been so responsible you're just
yelling at me for no reason so i put the
bid in
and i watched in fear by myself because
nobody else is around and terror
and i'm delighted to say that we own the
[__] tuxedo i finalized it today
not a single person bit on it
oh my god
we have it that is the best news ever
dude
congratulations andrew you've taken
something you took it on your own and
you nailed it that never happens andrew
i gotta say i believed in you from the
start i knew you were gonna pull this
off i was just telling eric the other
day we were in california together i was
like trust in andrew you always got a
trusted andrew he'll never steer you
wrong 100 of the time oh my god that's
amazing so it was terrifying and as i
said i don't know if we're going to
release it or what it will look like but
there's 17 minutes of me reacting to
items in the auction and then watching
it happen live and he wanted the
auctioneer wanted so badly for any other
action from anyone he was desperate he
was like this is i would just wear this
out this is a great tuxedo this is
fantastic going once this is a great tux
everyone look at how great this jackie
chan wore this going fair warning that i
loved tuxedos i looked at it it's
cheaper well it's not cheaper it's like
seven hundred dollars more than buying
an armani tux from from like new correct
oh yeah it's not that much of a
difference we got a savings we got the
full outfit we got a shirt that has
harness holes in the back of it we're
missing a few buttons but we can make it
work can you imagine buying that tuxedo
just in a store and then they offer you
a 700 upgrade to jackie chan's one you
would do it right
not that much more
[Laughter]
i love the idea that offering that as an
option of like okay so you can get this
one or jackie chan has worn this seven
hundred dollars more what do you think
jackie chan
jackie chan did kung fu in that tuxedo
and we're gonna we own it now yeah and
we own the one from
it's not
even a situation where it sounds like
there were multiples like this was the
one this is what they used this is the
[__] thing
so that was exciting and terrifying i
was just sweating yelling like [__]
hit the g hit the gavel hit it because
it's like stunned white with stall why
are you stalling why like he got a
really stretching it out dude yeah it
was terrible
uh it was very exciting
i uh i had had it in my head that we
were gonna end up with like a catcher's
mitt from twilight and dominique
coretto's shrek driver's license and i
just wanted in my head i'd already
worked through it we were just gonna put
it on display just like we were gonna do
with the tuxedo but it was just gonna be
like in a glass case all bundled
together that just said not the tuxedo
[Laughter]
i genuinely was excited about the
twilight baseball thing after it but it
went for four thousand dollars so it
went way over
it was huge like people it's an iconic
scene from that movie um
yeah i also had the thought of like okay
now i have it i'm the only one here that
that knows that
how much do i want to [__] with you two
about the fact we missed it or not a
tremendous amount i would imagine what
could i do a little bit but i didn't
want it to be like so exhausting that
you weren't even excited that we got it
like i felt like there was a fine line
of like
reverse salad creaming of where i did
the right thing but i still [__] it up
i didn't think you had it at all because
jeff and i had to trick the universe
yesterday into uh hanging out at the
last second and we were both pretty
convinced that we didn't have it
yeah yeah yeah that's true oh man but we
did we did knock off a bucket list thing
yesterday and we filmed it
oh yeah should i post it in the discord
uh yeah yeah might as well um but let me
just say oh you make a pizza all kidding
aside andrew um i know a second ago i
did that i did the funny thing where i
was like i talked about how i always
believed in you and i never doubted you
for a second uh all kidding aside i
didn't for one second think you would
pull this off i was convinced you would
screw it up and you didn't and i want
you to know you have got the biggest get
out of salad creaming free card from me
uh you can cash in whenever you want
the final 10 hours
you've got that you've got to like get
out of greg free card where like next
time whatever it is i don't care i'll
just why i will turn the other cheek
between the fees and the shipping and
everything it costs like two thousand
seven hundred dollars for the tuxedo
that is so we even went under the cap so
we're great that is a bargain but i'd
love to see what bucket list i'm
assuming it's the pizza would be my
guess no no oh okay well first off
let me just say this
uh
i mentioned kind of hilariously that
gavin and i tried to go to vegas
together for a vacation
and i was gonna go to the nba finals
and uh
emily got covered and so that like two
days before the trip we had to cancel
right well in the back of our heads it
was okay because
two weeks later i had this trip to
vidcon in anaheim that i had to go do a
panel at which if you don't know what
vidcon is
you're lucky don't look it up you don't
need to know it's not a fun time
uh i i although i did get to experience
eric bader experience uh vidcon for the
first time i wish he was here to talk
about it he was it was it was really
funny watching his unfiltered opinions
of everything that was going on uh
anyway so uh because of that i uh
i said hey emily let's go back you know
we went to before the pandemic started
we went to disneyland with vanessa uh
who's one of the early bats she's one of
the people that got the bat the original
bats uh emily's best friend and her
husband and so we planned to use my work
trip to go to to disneyland and so went
down there uh they were gonna meet me
the next day uh emily got in flew down i
did my panel
for vidcon got out of my panel met eric
we did a podcast a different podcast
just the two of us for an on face
podcast we did the animal one got out of
that podcast emily called me and was
like uh henry collapsed he had a heart
problem we have to go back home and we
immediately got on a plane and went back
to austin henry's fine by the way he he
uh he's okay uh but uh so we had to
leave in the middle of the trip and i'd
never stepped foot in disneyland and we
had to come home but we made lemonade
because gavin and i went jet skiing on
sunday
i see you've posted a video oh yeah yeah
i meant to say devon i went jet skiing
and then at that point in my head the
video would play for everybody okay you
probably have to hit play oh yeah
play on this okay i'm anticipating this
being a certain thing i'm gonna watch
this it's eight seconds
[Music]
i feel like that was the least thrilling
version of what just happened but that
is definitely
that's definitely a bucket list item
that is a high seas high five buddy
gavin and i
get a high five on jet skis and that
cheer that that like shout from me after
it happens that isn't me cheering that's
me screaming in agony because it hurts
so much
even at like five miles an hour which i
think is the slowest i can go on that
thing
so much my hand hurt for like four hours
after we went
i kept looking over and he was like she
shook it for the rest of the day
so we're working our way up though
that's a five mile an hour high five on
jet skis
yes we that's the final attempt we did
it three times the first time we did
definitely hit each other
one before that we high fived and i
immediately crashed into jeff's jet ski
which caused emily to like rock back and
accidentally stop recording oh no
so next time we don't have a video of
that
but this one we did yeah oh i feel like
that's the better video honestly
but this was a much better high five the
one that gavin should yeah but i feel
like the footage is better for the other
one than just this is just like a
it's good but it's not i don't know
so the next
next step is we gotta hit ramps we're
gonna do it in the air
that's a huge step that's what do you
mean that's the next step i feel like
there's so many steps between those two
things what about aiming for like seven
miles per hour
instead of adding air
oh there's this is this another one is
this the crash one this is where i yell
at him
see you're riding it up
well that's a good one again
there's a little bit of
that was the bump and then emily almost
fell off and stopped actually and what
you can't see really
i'm like stuck sideways at the beginning
because for some reason the jet ski
turned off so for the for the run-up of
that i'm trying to figure out how to
turn on my jet ski again
that was fun
yeah i mean it looks great i think it's
a great starting point we definitely now
know that this is possible oh super
possible super possible working out the
specific good proof of concept
santa yeah it's a great way to put it
the most badass bike stunt starts with
the smallest of bunny hops it takes a
little bit of time yeah work your way
we're gonna get there we're gonna get
there
i can't wait and gavin and i made a lot
of lemonade out of the fact that i have
had two vacations in a row cancelled and
this one literally i fl emily we flew to
la uh
emily flew to l.a had lunch and then got
back on a plane and went home
in the same bed the whole time oh that's
terrible oh my god
uh speaking of another uh adorable thing
henry did let me show you a photo
i'll uh
oh man
is it the least favorite thing for you
guys
when i have to uh try to do stuff really
well it depends sometimes it can be so
bad it's great
if it's just in the middle it's not as
fun
this is on the day before we left for
for
los angeles i was working on my laptop
and i set it down on this little bench
little leather bench behind my bed
and when i came back five minutes later
see henry uh henry is uh he's he's an
elder gentleman now so uh
we dress him at all times in a bow tie
and a diaper because he's uh he has
accidents i forgot to put the diaper on
him and he
he peed
37 gallons directly onto my laptop
so
when i came back to pick up my laptop
it's just urine fell out of all the
ports
that's so much piss
there's a colossal about piss can we
install how unironically the picture's
the wrong way as well yeah well it's me
i was thinking about the classic jeff
photo
uh so i uh
had to buy a new laptop that day
that guy no
yeah
oh no straight up dead uh he didn't mean
it
no i can't that's so much it looks like
a rorschach of piss like the way that it
bends and
out of all the places from the pee i'm
glad it was on my laptop
piss boiled i got a brand new uh macbook
air so i mean it's the m1 chipset hey
congratulations it's a brand new old
macbook it's obsolete as of july
but yeah
i needed the laptop for work so what am
i gonna do did you just wait a month for
you know to not have a laptop
no
okay
uh another funny thing while we're
talking about [__] that's costing me
money uh
did i tell you guys that i i
i wrecked my car
recently no
i don't you wrecked my car i wrecked
your car not bad not bad so i have a one
i have two cars and a one car garage or
one car driveway and so when i had my
yard work done i had them like eek out
as much of a
second area as possible so now i have
like a one and three quarter driveway so
to get my car in the driveway requires
some like austin powersing around [__]
but i'm used to it i'm good at it i i i
enjoy the challenge but the other day i
was in a hurry about a month ago i was
in a hurry and i just i was just like
taking milly somewhere and i was
stressed out and i wasn't paying
attention and i i clipped this pole
pulling out of my driveway and so i just
scraped a bunch of paint off the
driver's side of my uh passenger or my
rear door
and so i took it to a collision place or
i took it to bmw and then they told me
to place to get it repaired and so i
took it to these guys i had to get on a
waiting list for three weeks because
they're so busy
finally last
wednesday i dropped it off because i was
going out of town i was going to be at
you know
vidcon in disneyland and whatnot i uh i
drop it off and then i start immediately
getting like really verbose texts from
them like hey just want to let you know
we removed the quarter panel and we
started spraying the quarter panel and
when that's done then we're gonna do
this and that and just like a ton of
information it's like really cool
then at friday while emily and i were uh
running around trying to get back to
austin uh i missed a couple phone calls
and i thought that's weird and i was
ignoring it cause i was trying to drive
from anaheim back to lax and book a
flight and stuff and uh
i got a text after that that was like
hey it's so so-and-so from the collision
place uh hey give me a call on monday
about your about your car when you get a
chance and i looked at emily and i
thought that's bad and she's like what
do you mean he just wants you to talk on
monday and i'm like yeah but every other
text i've gotten from these guys has
been really informed like overly so you
know
and uh and this is just sort of a
sort of hey just give me a call when you
get a chance uh very vague and i thought
like that's not they've they've done
something to my car and she's like
you're being paranoid so this morning
when i woke up the first thing i did was
called him
and
he was like yeah gee uh really sorry
about this um we had your car all ready
it was all painted and we got it all set
up and then we were gonna drive it over
to bmw for a certification we got to
certify these you know cameras or
whatever and get them calibrated there
and uh well we were pulling out and uh
well uh we hit we got into a car
accident with your car
and no
no
they wrecked my car
after they fixed it they wrecked it so
they're like you know obviously
we're gonna repair it and we'll get it
certified by bmw and it won't cost you a
dime and we're really sorry but we're
gonna need it another week because we
erect your car
what do they do do they hit another car
or they just
they got something somebody that
somebody in a truck ran into it
oh my god
while they
so when do you you get your car back
next week at this point i was supposed
to get it today
now i think hopefully i get it friday
emily was like man you were way cooler
about that than i would have been and i
was just like what are you gonna do i
mean [__] well i mean as long as it's
there sure it's right it's just yeah
they're fixing it but it's like okay at
this point like sure why not throw it on
the pile [__]
we already ate two entire vacations to
vegas and disneyland in the last two
weeks why not i just bought a new laptop
for no reason like
i should have looked at the russian
to see if there's a car crashing that i
could spot
[Laughter]
so when did the laptop happen in
relation to the car was this after
yeah i the laptop had i dropped the car
off wednesday morning
henry pete on the laptop wednesday
afternoon
okay so you didn't know that your car
was gonna get distracted i didn't find
out my car was destroyed
until well today but i had i had an
inkling on friday evening
yeah something was wrong yeah or maybe
tuesday i dropped my car anyway yeah it
had been over a couple weeks
so
so apart from the course uh things are
uh things are going about like uh
like pretty s pretty normal in jeff's
world just want to give you guys an
update well
i almost said in bed in bed this morning
i told emily i said on the bright side
at least nothing's happened to the and
she goes shut up
so i didn't i didn't actually say it out
loud it's an annoying step to verify the
cameras is it like if they swap parts
they don't don't work until bmw sign off
on it i don't know i think i think
because it's like
it's a bmw like certifies their cars and
the repairs and stuff so they only work
with certain uh body shops and then
there's a yeah i guess they have to like
sign off on it
i don't know
[Applause]
i'm on my phone quite a bit uh whether
it's using social media apps or maybe
getting food delivered and all sorts of
reasons why i use it uh but the scary
part is is that your phone carrier
collects data on whatever it is you're
doing verizon is even admitted to it
they say it so that they can better
understand your interest but really all
they want is to sell your activity to
advertisers stuff like the sites you
visited and what you've been up to
online the more they can get on you the
larger their paycheck becomes which is
why i use expressvpn expressvpn is an
app that prevents your phone carrier
from being able to see the sites that
you visit and sell it off to third
parties all it takes is one tap of a
button and all of your network data gets
encrypted and rerouted through
expressvpn's secure servers for ultimate
privacy not only does it shield your web
browsing expressvpn protects all of your
network data so you can stay private
even when using your favorite apps
whether you're an iphone android or even
a tablet user expressvpn works on all
your devices the best part is one
subscription can be used on up to five
devices at the same time i have my whole
family using expressvpn too when your
phone carrier tracks you that's a gross
invasion of privacy you can either keep
letting them cash in on you or visit
expressvpn
face to get the same vpn i use take back
your online privacy today and use my
link to get three extra months free
that's e x p r e s s v n
face
expressvpn.com
you know what sucks is when you're on
like a walk or working out in some
capacity and your earbuds won't fit like
i have it where i'll be enjoying a
podcast or listening to music and i've
got standard ears it's not an ear issue
and they just won't fit like they keep
popping out or you feel like you have to
adjust them but that's why raycon's new
fitness earbuds provide a maximum secure
fit so you'll never experience that
again raycon's fitness earbuds help you
take your workout to the next level with
the power of premium sound and smart
tech that's why they were featured in
esquire magazine's best gadgets of 2021
they are voted best earbud of the year
they were developed and tested to stay
in your ear during the toughest of
workouts these earbuds deliver maximum
comfort stability and the most secure
fit on the market the unique earbud
build interchangeable gel tips and
raycon's new ear stabilizer attachments
create three layers of earbud
personalization for the perfect in-ear
fit plus they offer unbeatable battery
life nine hours of play time and 54
hours of battery total nearly double the
battery life of other brands on the
market raycon's customers love them
they've given the product over 35 000
five-star reviews with raycon you get
the top-of-the-line earbud functionality
and highest quality sound at half the
price of other premium audio brands i
love raycons they're fantastic i used
them to listen to music or podcasts
they're great now is the perfect time to
pick up a pair of raycon fitness earbuds
right now my listeners can get them for
20 off and if you go to buy dot com
slash face and use my code on the page
you unlock an additional 15 off go to
buy raycon.com
face to get access to this limited time
offer it's too nice up to be too damn
high just because we've aged at a summer
break doesn't mean we don't need to
chill out ditch the munchies paranoia
and potency of today's weed with dad
grass dad grass is legal organic hemp
that relaxes your body and mellows your
mind dead grass cbd products are made
with 100 organic hemp that's easy to
dose and the effects come on smooth they
offer a variety of products from their
token smokable pre-rolled joints as well
as hemp flour and a variety of cbd
tincture drops enjoy the effects of cbd
while keeping a clear head all dadgrass
products are federally legal for ages 18
and over and it ships right to your door
anywhere in the u.s go to dadgrass.com
face to check out their products whether
you're looking for a new buzz or a chill
way to enjoy an old favorite dad grass
will leave you in a euphoric mood right
now dadgrass is offering our listeners
20 off your first order when you go to
dadgrass.com
face go to
dadgrass.com face for 20 off your first
order that's dadgrass.com
face
so i might be able to turn turn your day
around a little bit jeff with with
telling you about some victories you've
had against me without even knowing it
i'm also i'm losing money too
trying to fight you in ways you don't
even know
i'm down eighty dollars i don't wanna
fight
why are we fighting
so
this goes all the way back to when you
mailed me the giant thing a bubble wrap
that was that was part one of this you
you were so kind being thoughtful taking
care of me want to make sure i'm okay
you sent me a giant thing a bubble wrap
from amazon
so i decided that i i need to return the
favor because no you know i love giving
gifts to people it's so it's such a
great feeling you know show somebody
that you care about uh you love them get
them something nice
so
you got me the bubble wrap i was laying
in bed i couldn't sleep and i thought
what would be a great gift for jeff
and then i just thought what if what is
the most amount of bananas i could send
jeff at one time because you're a big
banana guy you love bananas
so hopped sorry
i would say i like bananas about as much
as emily likes swans
like an average amount
i'm a b-minus banana or a b-minus banana
fan
so i i went on and i made an account i
use the free trial for amazon prime on
amazon.com and they have a fresh section
where it's like a grocery delivery
service they have yes i'm familiar and i
it was it was like 1am and i was like
you know what these are pretty cheap
they're two pounds of bag i'm gonna send
jeff a thousand pounds of bananas
tomorrow i'm just gonna do this
so i did it and i had sinned
and then i went to go back to sleep
again and i did this from my tablet i
was in power i sent jeff a thousand
pounds
and i have a ton of bananas
i sent 500 two pound bags and i hit
clear
and then
because i'm unfortunately not a bad
enough person i thought about it and i
was like you know what
i don't i don't know what maybe
something's happening in just life i
don't know a schedule
i didn't want it to be like todd
margaret where all the food and all the
animals take over the house like
like a bunch of animals would eat a
thousand pounds and scatter it
everywhere and just move into your home
i felt really bad about it so i
cancelled the order five minutes later
and i went back to bed and i just went
about my day and that evening
happened to be a very
important family dinner that i was
paying for that i was going to cover it
was like this built up dinner it was
very exciting i was so happy about it
and i get to the place and i give them
my card and they say uh it doesn't it's
not going through and i thought oh
that's weird so then i gave them my
other card
and they told me yeah this one isn't
going through either and that's that's
all the money i have so i'm like what is
i don't give me a minute i'm going to
try to i got to figure this out so i
left and i had to search thankfully i
had cash i never have cash i just
happened to have cash i was able to pay
for it but i couldn't figure out what
was wrong and so i was looking at my
phone
and they they deactivated my account
because i bought so many bananas they
thought it was a fraudulent charge i got
a text at like 2 a.m that i just hadn't
i didn't notice
and my account had been locked the
entire time so then i was on hold for
like two hours that evening trying to
get them to unlock my account didn't
work so i've lost i've lost time at this
point for jeff and this this issue
and that fell apart it was a disaster so
i was able to get the dinner everything
was okay but i almost couldn't buy this
really important built up dinner because
i bought 500 bags of bananas
so that was having to explain to people
like there was a moment where i thought
i might not be able to get this and
having to explain why it was ridiculous
so then that happened some time passes
we're nearing episode 100 and i thought
you know what this could be a great time
the way that we had to record that
episode we'd have a two-hour window
i am gonna send jeff
like 600 i was reduced i realized so how
amazon fresh works is let's say you want
to buy a thousand bananas you put in a
thousand and they'll say i can't do it
but we do have 700. so i just always put
in a high number and see whatever the
max is so for episode 100 i thought i'm
going to do this again so i signed up
for amazon prime again
and i was getting ready to do it but
then i had a thought of like well i
don't know you know what's going on with
jeff and then jeff you had uh you almost
quit this podcast because of the dinger
video of
missing happy so then i was like i
it was you you
cannot send this man 800 pounds of
bananas this is not a good time i'm
gonna just hold off on this
so i held off and i hadn't thought about
it until last week i'm looking at my
credit card statement
and i notice a 20 charge from amazon and
i don't know what it is and i look at
all my accounts i can't figure out i
didn't order anything
i realized i forgot to cancel the trial
from episode 100. so i've been being
billed 20 a month for the past three
months
because i just forgot to turn it off
so that's i'm now down 80 dollars in
like three hours of time and i've almost
ruined a family dinner
then last week
i don't want to get into like the
specific i had one of the worst weeks
i've had in a long time i don't know
just terrible so sorry buddy and i
missed i missed a break [__] because of
it that i was going to be on i was
excited about it and i said so i watched
it i watched on like saturday night
and i'm having the worst week i'm just
miserable not good
and you took a shot at me and it hurt my
feelings because of the week as a whole
yeah i was i was angry well i that's how
i felt with the dinger video i was just
that i was at a weak point and you took
a shot at me when i wasn't prepared what
shot did i take i'm very sorry
eric played the sound board and then you
said that's as much as andrew
contributes normally
because it's tough and i try really hard
on that show and that's like one of my
anxiety points is because i know that
something you are frequently nervous
about just because it's it's live and
yeah it's hard to it's hard to get words
in and none of that so i was mad at you
and i thought this [__] and i've
had i've just had a bad week so i
thought oh you know what this guy loves
he [__] loves swimming pools he loves
swimming what can i do what can i do to
the kindness of my heart i noticed last
time i was on there they sold gallons of
water for 89 cents each and i was like
oh you know what i want to be really
nice to jeff i'll buy him some water for
his pool so when his pool gets there
he'll have the water to put it in let's
buy some water for jeff and so i went to
load up as much as they could and since
100 in that time they have changed their
system i can only send you a max
everything had order amounts to it i
couldn't go for the max i can only send
you three gallons at a time
and i couldn't regularly schedule it so
i wanted to send you 10 gallons of water
every day
for the month of july but they would
only let me send three per week
so that was ruined and i was like well
that was those pointless i can't even do
anything with this i'm down another 20
for another month of amazon i'm down 80
dollars in three hours and you keep
beating me and you have no idea that
this is even happening it has been an
infuriating one-sided losing war oh man
well for the record uh
congratulations i think that you
single-handedly are changing the way
google amazon or google amazon
you single-handedly are changing the way
amazon fresh works it sounds like
they're having to put protections in
place in the app because of you
uh and then i have no memory of saying
that joke but it's very funny and it
sounds like something i would say so
i'll take your word for it yeah i was
not happy about it
are you over now
are you over it now are you still mad no
i i mean i still don't love it but it's
i'm not upset with you about it i mean i
didn't mean it it was just a joke
do you do you think any of your bad week
originated in in your sock choice for
the week
oh
maybe i need to get into socks because i
i don't i'm not a socks guy so maybe
have you had what are the updated
results of your your sock work
um pretty okay just been still avoiding
those red new ones
yeah you still haven't tried them still
not still not going to use them i will
say andrew you sent me a lovely
uh birthday card it was a get well soon
card but it was
reskinned as a as a birthday card it's a
banana on roller skates with a cup of
coffee in a boom box and is that like a
hint
he says just wanted to say yellow hope
you're peeling well and i am peeling
well and i thank you for the happy
birthday card and it meant a lot to me
andrew also sent me a link to a youtube
video and he just wrote out the link to
the youtube video in the card
and uh emily and i both spent about 45
minutes trying to different permutations
to figure out how to get it to work we
eventually gave up decided that it's
just miss it he just wrote it down wrong
and uh mentioned it to him and he says i
don't remember what it was
how unsatisfying
yeah well okay so the thought process
with that was i just thought it was
absurd to write a link in physical form
and so much work for the person who's
getting it yes it was
and so i pulled up a youtube video of a
happy birthday song and then i just
changed one of the numbers and made sure
it went nowhere and then i just wrote
that so everything is right but one
number and i was hoping that you would
try multiple times without being
annoying i didn't
we tried it
i gave up and emily's like i'll try and
then she tried for a while and then
eventually i was like i bet i'm in the
whole the whole time i'm like i don't
know that this was ever supposed to work
to begin with
this might have been the whole point of
the card uh i just wanted i had a card
and i thought i'll send this to jeff i
don't know maybe i'll get into maybe
letter writing become a thing i get into
jeff had a little birthday party it was
it was quality oh yeah happy birthday to
jeff thanks man i did i forgot that was
that was two weekends ago
uh we went swimming we had a little i
rented a swim or emily rented a swimming
pool for us and we went swimming for the
day did you post any videos of that i
don't think so no did you
uh i don't know should we should we show
andrew the one of you on the diving
board yeah
oh there's lots of diving there's a big
ass uh diving board
are you still feeling the effects of
being bitten by a swan do you still feel
like 20 more graceful than no i feel i
know i'm back to normal also i tried
desperately to show gavin and meg the
swan but we he was not there yesterday
it's true he did not make an appearance
are you are we
waiting until do you think i think we're
waiting for us okay
he's looking for his phone
i did get this i'm very excited oh hey
congratulations
thank you
oh it's it's a it's gonna be in the
slack
oh okay
yeah file size too big it's just too
powerful i'm excited so is this you
because you dove through a ring last
time right was the last diving video we
got of you what type of dive are we
looking at here i don't even know there
was that much diving that you don't even
you can't recall we just don't i dove
for like four hours straight at one
point i dove all my lips through
individual little hoops
gavin had the dive of the day
the absolute dive of the day
we had this well watch this and then
yeah yeah i'm gonna watch this
oh it's a slow motion jeff dive
doing a little wave le queens wave
transition
amazing form looks like you missed the
pool entirely oh there we go there's the
water
it's like an infinity pool with a diving
pool on the other side
i see it just looks like i fell off the
world it does it looks like you just
vanished that should be a seven second
clip i'm not sure why it's a bit long
but that's that's pretty much it
just like untrimmed it
ah it was fun
yeah i i've never experienced a cheer so
big in my life like we were just trying
to do like funny dives after a while
like diving through the rubber ring and
then there were these little like
tossed like was it ring toss hoops yeah
it was like blow up ring toss for like a
floating flamingo yeah and then suddenly
there was just like four of them
floating in the diving area so i just i
did a little springy dive jumped
straight up the air then tried to thread
both legs and both arms through the
hoops and i just came crashing down on
them and i couldn't really tell what
happened and then i realized as i was
slowly floating to the surface being
pulled up by the hoops and i arose from
the water with one on each limb and
everyone was just like ah
yeah it was a really big accomplishment
he he's currently the he currently is
the world champion at uh at uh
limbspear
[Laughter]
i did i did it i was like i we'd been
trying it for a while my best was two i
got both legs in emily got three two
arms and a leg and then gavin showed up
and just snailed it and then he floated
to the top like in slow motion
it was it was really cool i wish we'd
have been filming that moment because it
was definitely the dive of the year
gavin's dive of the year hands down in
80s and 90s movies where the the movie
ends on a freeze frame with like the
main guy smiling and everyone around him
to celebrate it felt like that moment it
felt like
the first freeze frame moment of my life
i would actually
love to see a like strictly
like
looked at viewed dive of the year
competition i want there to be a dive of
the year like i want to be able to see
there's a leaderboard of what dive of
the year is a dive of the year every
year would be fantastic
maybe that's something we should get
into declaring the official dive of the
year yeah are you a dive guy andrew
uh
no i wouldn't say i'm a die i enjoy
falling the falling part is fun but not
a dive
it's the coordination the lack of
coordination is really the issue with me
with the dive but the jumping off of the
thing always good
yeah that was my first experience with a
bouncy diving board it was very really
yeah
hey uh
sorry as opposed to what i was just like
what do you mean
like are there a rigid one let you know
if you're like a like a high dive pool
or something it's just like a big solid
one instead of a springy one
yeah and this is like this is so i i
consider myself pretty familiar with
diving boards uh i realized uh this is
like
the diving board you would find at a
public pool in the 80s that's like extra
springy like extra extra springy it's
got like it's like twice the size of
like you think of a diving board in a
backyard pool and you go like boiling
boiling and you go in right this thing's
got hand rails it's like three times as
long as a regular diving board like this
is a diving board we've been i think
probably illegal
in the city of austin but uh this is out
in the [__] boonies which is why we
rent it uh and we go out there and dive
a lot you can get i don't know you can
get a good 15 feet in the air off this
diving board if you're jumping hard
enough like it is [__] serious yeah i
rewatched the video the spring is insane
i don't think i've ever seen a board
with that much spring to it and then the
pool that it dives into is like 12 feet
deep so you can get really nice and
[__] into it it's good
i like that i have no concept of the
pool that you actually dive into
i haven't seen a single actual dive from
the angle that you have
we uh
we
it was funny because i was just diving
pretty much throughout the day but like
everybody else had to work their way up
to diving off that diving board trevor
all those guys were like i'll give it a
shot eventually and then once everybody
did and they realized how much fun it
was you couldn't keep them off it's
great hey i had a dream about you last
night gavin
yeah uh
it's not good so what yeah go ahead um
it was weird and i don't know what to
think about it but uh
the dream started with me on your front
porch
pushing your doorbell
okay i'm pushing the doorbell and then i
push the doorbell and as soon as i push
it i think why did i do that and then i
looked down and i'm like why am i why am
i on gavin and meg's front porch am i
bringing something to them and i look
around like i must be delivering
something to them and i look around and
i got nothing and i'm like did i forget
it what did i forget what was i bringing
am i even bringing something was i
supposed to tell them something what am
i supposed to tell them and then i
thought oh no
what time of day is it is it even like
an appropriate time to ring their
doorbell and i look at my watch and it's
9am and i think is 9 am appropriate is
it too early it's a little early and
then i'm like how did i get here and
right then uh i hear gavin and meg
like because it's a dream right so i
hear them in their bedroom in bed
like clearly as if it's like filtered
into the house and i hear it gavin go
what
oh whoa rings a doorbell and meg's like
it's too early in the morning and he's
like we're still in bed and they're just
like narrating all of my fears he's like
i got
it better be important and meg's like
it's not going to be important it's not
going to be worth it don't go and he's
like i've got to they rang the bell they
wouldn't if they didn't need me and i'm
like oh [__] and gavin's like i've got
to put shoes on and i can like hear him
putting shoes on in the bedroom and i'm
like oh [__] i'm screwed what do i do
he's going to be so mad at me meg's
going to hate me and i'm like looking
where to hide and i'm like trying to
hide behind a plant that's on your thing
i'm like that's not going to work and i
run into your garage and i can't get
your garage open and then i'm like oh
i'm tampering with their house and then
i run around the other side and there's
like a fence and i'm like just trying to
figure out where to hide so that you
don't get mad at yelling at me and then
i'd like then i realized oh my god
he's got cameras he'll just see me
running around his house i better just
face the music and i'm like oh so i just
like [__] it and i walk up to the front
door and i like have my head down and i
just stand in front of your front door
and i can just hear you coming through
the house going i just can't [__]
believe it's a saturday i went weird and
meg's like tell him to go away and i
could just hear you stomping and they're
like oh the cat's in the way and like
and then why did you get to the door and
i can hear you like opening the front
door and i'm like this is going to end
our friendship and then i woke up
you
the saddest part about that dream is
there's an alternate version where it's
just the entire time gavin's struggling
with an unflushable toilet
that's the real yeah yeah yeah i'm
surprised you didn't hear me checking
the brake
no no none of that made it into the
dream it just was it wasn't even you
trying to turn off my morning [__]
no
no i didn't know why i was there and
then i was so scared that i had
inconvenienced you and meg and that it
was gonna end our friendship and you
were so and i was just like terrified
hearing you stomp down a hallway
uh to get to the front door and then
right when you were about to let me have
it i woke up i mean that could all be
real except i
i you would never be terrified yeah
i was gonna i'm gonna ask have you ever
been intimidated by gavin no charity
i don't think anyone ever has
i hit him too hard once and i felt
really bad about it but i wasn't
intimidated i just felt guilty
oh what was that one it was where we
were at a we were at mcm
in london me you and dan and i think ben
king were selling like griff balls out
of a booth and i smacked you in the side
of the head but i i hit you like on the
ear really hard and it was solid and you
looked at me like like what the [__] is
wrong with you
i shouldn't have done that i feel bad
and then you shook it off but you were
legitimate
shake it up
did i get you back do you think
no i don't think so oh i think you were
too mad to get me back or maybe you
didn't i never knew about it
that was the year we watched dan pee in
that vodka bottle and overfill it
yeah
it was at those conventions there wasn't
that we knew about any sort of like
vendor
exclusive toilet so you just kind of had
to get in the big line and uh dan was
really busting
and uh he'd also just been slowly
working his way through this bottle of
vodka i think all of us had at the booth
and then he decided he would just piss
in that and it was like it was it was a
pretty sizable bottle yeah but he
underestimated the size of his bladder
and he completely brimmed this bottle
and he didn't know what to do so he was
just like he's like what would you be
oh no oh no and then he just ended up
with like the bottle cap in one hand the
bottle in the other both of his hands
went up and he just had to like
ride it out it was just pissing on the
carpet
no
three foot from people in the [__]
line to my teeth yeah it was like round
the back of the stump
behind a wall of boxes and a crack
on an animal
oh man have you guys seen uh have you
guys seen jurassic park the new one
no
no no
emily and i saw it with our new found
time in austin and uh it's not good
first off and it's 100 it's 100 hours
long it's a very long it's got some
funny moments jeff goldblum's funny
there's a few it's got some terrible
characters uh i can't i i'd say it's
about as bad as the previous one
um
but you know it's cool to see dinosaurs
and stuff but anyway we were we were
sitting at alabama drafthouse and uh it
was
a [__] loud movie right and then i uh
i had been like slipping farts out all
night long you know because i was real
gassy and i think we'd eaten like
mexican food or something earlier so i
was just like ripping farts and uh but
it's so [__] loud like dinosaurs are
screaming and i'm just like whatever
and uh i like you what are those what
are the dinosaurs that
kill newman in the first one they spit
[__] at you um
i don't know what they're gonna talk
about terrified me can't be easier
i think those are the little ones the
campies oh okay well whatever they are
those things think campbell's got peter
stormy yeah oh right right so there's a
scene where that dinosaur is about to
spray on uh i think laura thorne maybe i
don't remember one of the characters and
it just gets like insanely quiet and i
just i wasn't anticipating that part of
it because it's been such a loud movie
so i like like right because it's still
pretty loud i like i like try to slip
out a real quiet part but as emily said
it sounded like ripping leather it just
was like
and it was right when that that tense
moment where the dinosaur and her face
each other and the movie just goes
completely silent so all you could hear
in the entire movie theater was my fart
and emily goes oh my god
and then started laughing
and she didn't stop laughing she was
vibrating the entire rest of the movie
for the next 22 minutes laughing and i'm
just going like shut up shut up shut up
and everybody in the theater heard and
hated me
did anyone laugh
nobody laughed but emily but you heard
you could hear emily laughing for a long
time and i was like i was just trying to
hold it in because if i started laughing
it would have been over
um and so i just like sat there and ate
my laughs for like 20 minutes and just
while she just like like [__] shook
in her chair was this early enough in
the movie that people were still eating
uh it was probably 30 minutes to go oh
okay so everyone's probably done with
their food probably not with their food
at that point yeah
dude speaking of farts i've uh i've
started using a cpap
because i did a sleep study and they
were like yeah you know got a little bit
of apnea are you can you do a surgery or
something to eliminate it or are you
just gonna do cpapping
uh i think figured i'd try cpap see what
goes on just i basically just wear a
hose on the front of my face going up my
nose and and it's i'm annoyed to be
honest that i've got sort of shrunken
nostrils considering the size of my nose
it's like
i imagine it like you know when you find
old aperture science in portal 2 and
there's that giant vault door yeah and
then and then you move the other word
it's just a regular like eight foot
humidor
that's my nostrils with the nose around
it
so i got this thing going over my head
and uh it like sits under my nose and
then and it ramps up the pressure so it
detects when you fall asleep
giving you like small pressure and then
when you fall asleep it starts like
really
blasting air
in and uh
i think it's like two hours after i fall
asleep i keep waking up
completely full of air it's not working
right at some point
i guess my
throat is just going the wrong way and
it is just
filling my stomach with air and i'm
waking up
like completely full like a balloon i
keep waking up at like three in the
morning just like oh my god i'm there
just like i wake up and i pull the thing
off my face i'm like
and i do like that massive burp and i'm
like oh my god
and then i'm like googling like my seat
perhaps filling me with air and there's
like oh yeah it's a pretty common thing
that could happen and i i was really
like how to get rid of it it's just like
well you know sit on a toilet and just
fly all out so i got up it's like three
in the morning and i'm not a big fart
guy i've got the wimpiest farts jeff can
attest to this i said i sat down
at three in the morning on the bowl and
it was just like
[Music]
like an extended sustained
45 second part and i'm just like feeling
myself get smaller like a balloon and
i'm just like shrinking down as i'm
fighting and a lot of it is still
it's quite satisfying to get all the air
out
but i just don't know how to use the
cpap i don't know why it's going down my
esophagus i can't keep it in my lungs as
soon as that thing kicks up to full
pressure it's just filling up my gut
so if there's any papas out there who's
do you have any tips
i think i think gus and jack both use if
i'm not wrong
uh
because jack had the surgery didn't he
uh maybe he doesn't use it anymore
because he had the surgery but i know he
used to use the scene but i hate it and
it's so uncomfortable and i've
uh it and i've become a fart guy i'm i'm
really sort of firing them out now
that's incredible
can you like it sounds like you can
replicate this so you could set it up to
record when you go to the bathroom and
you could see how long of a part you
could do oh definitely
definitely record your record your next
your your next bloated fart
it
reminds me there is this old kenny
versus spending episode where it's like
these two guys to do competitions and
one was like who could have the biggest
fart and one of them
shoved a hose up his ass and would blow
air into it and then walk up and have
these massive farts in front of the
other guy just to intimidate him you're
just living that life you're just
naturally doing that trying to correct
yourself
getting filled up in my sleep
isn't it [__] [__] that you try
to do anything to make your life better
and it just makes it worse like here you
are you're just trying to sleep better
so you get a cpap machine and then it
tries to kill you yeah i'm just trying
to sleep better so
because
if we haven't explained sleep apnea it's
kind of where you just stop breathing in
the night you like snore and then you
stop and then the cpap just keeps a
constant pressure of air
down your throat down your lungs just to
stop you from stopping breathing because
it can lead to like
strokes and all this bad crap so i'm
just trying to get ahead of that but
the way that the insurance works it's
like linked to their service or whatever
so i need to use it for a minimum of
four hours every night for like 21 out
of 30 nights and i've had it for a week
and i've not completed four hours just
because i keep getting filled
like three hours a night
which means that if i don't meet the
requirement insurance doesn't pay for
any more and i get bills
for like 2500 for this stupid um
what's basically an air pump for my gut
pain
yeah to be filled with air for nightly
fart inflation yeah it's [__]
so hey tips welcome
so you went from not having any air to
weigh too much air you you there's no
milk
and i was hoping that it would make me
feel more rested i'm having the most
miserable nights of sleep it's all
disjointed
maybe two hours and i'm fighting for one
hour and i'm back to sleep
maybe you should try the maybe you
should try the flow the other way and
stick the cpap up your butt and try to
blow the parts out the other side
wow this was quite an episode we covered
a lot of ground
uh
i guess we should probably stop uh
because nick asked us to and i respect
nick in a way that i can't eric uh so
let me just say uh gavin for your
your cpap
revelations thank you
that is
that has benefited the deep lore of
faith immensely and andrew uh i cannot
uh overstate uh how important it was
that you secured the tuxedo for the for
it's this is for ripken's believe it
because why not uh new lines of business
there's no telling maybe maybe we'll
recreate the tuxedo shot for shot with
gavin in the tuxedo who knows the the
the possibilities are limitless i just
did i just did a uh
a panel
about like
podcasting as a business and video
podcasting and stuff and i use the porta
potty as an example of like how to
thread merch and
content together
and i just going through like all the
stuff that we've done with the porta
potty and then like all the things that
we still can and potentially will do
with the porta potty from like the like
the phone box stuffing to the the record
the vinyl all that stuff the museum
the the tuxedo is like that times tin i
cannot imagine the content we'll have
thanks to this tuxedo uh yeah what a
great thing for the redemption year what
a great thing and i'm telling you you
gotta you gotta get out of greg free
card with me buddy
anytime you wanna i'm i'm excited to
have that i'm gonna i'm gonna remember
that i'm gonna keep that in my pocket
it's gonna be a clear thing you could
have
you could shut me you could have shut me
down like that could have ended the
tater tot thing right there you could've
just been like boom
[Laughter]
i'm excited to use that one day because
i absolutely am going to need it
undeniably there will be more greggy in
the future by me i like that we ended up
with potentially two items for a museum
i don't know what what's going to happen
with gavin's cpap if he needs to get a
new machine i think that's a fantastic
museum piece well also we'll have the
wave form of him farting and we'll be
able to display that
by cb recordings
[Laughter]
it looks like a heart getting adrenaline
shoved into it the waveform of it this
is massive spikes do you think that in
the like in the universe of the show the
tuxedo had a cpap in it
that he could have deployed whenever he
needed
i think he slept in it
it did everything he just had to turn
jail and it turned the dial to cpap
i still want to know what mashed
potatoes mode is
i'm still thinking about it they never
explained what the dots
yeah probably is that the mashed
potatoes i thought that was just dance
no there was like a variety of options
that they never used in the movie mashed
potatoes is one of them a mashed potato
is a dance but it could just be a fun
wait it is it is but it doesn't it
doesn't mean it had to be that dance it
could have been anything if you hadn't
blown it with the director we could have
asked him on this podcast well you know
maybe this tuxedo is another
bridge another i could extend another
olive branch yeah just be like hey just
want you to know we now own the tuxedo
from the tuxedo also one quick question
what was mashed potato mode
i think that was one of my last email i
sent him had a variety of questions that
was one of them i believe was what is it
and how were they decided
all right well i guess we should
probably wrap up dance uh thank you for
listening to another episode of the face
podcast
uh i hope you've enjoyed it this has
been a lively one if you did enjoy it or
maybe uh you just uh i don't know uh
accepted that it happened maybe you are
totally ambivalent towards it maybe you
didn't even think it was a particularly
good episode either way uh lie about it
and tell somebody it was great and then
uh give us a bunch of stars
bye
this dance sucks hey guys major league
fan jack with a prediction of what is
happening on next week's episode of face
once again the boys are behind so here's
a few guesses gavin lost his passport
patton still won't go to vegas how do we
clean the tuxedo let's promote jack it's
time for a new challenge and once again
andrew does not eat the pencil all that
and more on next week's episode of face
you